# React Sandbox Apps

The goal of this repository is to serve as a sandbox for React applications. It can be used as a starting point to debug customer issues, test new features, etc. The pipeline in this repository is triggered by the [dds-2.0-react](https://gitlab.dell.com/dao/dell-digital-design/design-language-system/systems/dds-2.0-react) repository to validate the next version of the library.

## Pipeline Transformations

The pipeline receives from the React repository all artifacts from the build stage. Among the many assets, the following are important ones used by this repository:

- **react**: This is the folder where the built design system is placed. The pipeline will run `npm pack` to create the `.tgz` file.

- **version**: A text file with the current version of the library. It's used in a template string to fetch the correct `.tgz` file generated by npm pack.

- **src/devserver/DDSAll.tsx**: This is a React component that contains all DDS components. The pipeline script will replace relative paths for styles and components with `@dds/react`, ensuring that it will consume DDS components as customers do when downloading the library.

After all modifications, the application will be built (npm run build) to validate if anything is missing in the new version and to also check compatibility with React versions 16, 17, and 18.

This repository contains 6 folders. Folders starting with cra were created using the [Create React App](https://create-react-app.dev/) project, and folders prefixed with vite were created using the [Vite React-ts template](https://vitejs.dev/guide/).

The number that follows the prefix indicates the version of React in that folder.

> ⚠️ At the time of this writing, all sanboxes are using React with TypeScript. If we encounter issues with customers using React with JavaScript, we can add more sandboxes to target this configuration.